well alerz hany Mahmud joins us now from
KH Unis inside the Gaza Strip so hany
we're hearing of more strikes ongoing on
the jabalia refugee camp there
today yeah well that's right Lura So
within the past few hours another strike
on Gaza largest and biggest and most
densely populated refugee camp a
residential home was targeted and three
people were reported killed right away
and more than tens of injuries seriously
injured uh Palestinians of residents of
that area but stories horror stories uh
keep coming from uh the refugee from
jabali refugee camp as a direct results
of the two massive attacks uh on the
refugee of yesterday and the day before
uh yesterday with more uh people are
still under the rubble and the lack of
equipment and Machinery to pull these
people out uh there is a fear that the
number of people who have been killed in
these two strikes is going to uh
increase and we know the Indonesian
Hospital in the northern part is the
only remaining function hospital that
received a tsunami of casualties as a
result of these uh two attacks forcing
the hospitals to operate in under
extremely unusual uh conditions the air
strikes continue to pound the Gaza Strip
everywhere but mainly concentrated right
now in center of Gaza City ner Road ner
neighborhood it's a road that connecting
the northern part the edge of the
northern part of of Gaza Strip to Gaza
City and also from the East aatini Road
the 30th uh Road connecting a densely
populated neighborhood the zun
neighborhood to the center of Gaza and
it's also it's important to mention that
a zun neighborhood has been uh the a
major Target uh for Israeli air strikes
uh people are still trapped and caught
in this war zone they could not
leave uh their their homes uh because
there is no safe passage uh for them to
uh to H to the southern part uh as well
as major areas in the southern part of
gazb are not also safe for evacuees and
we've seen in the past few uh uh days
how many people were uh were a were a
target of Israeli air strikes in zaa
area in the central of Gaza uh in kanun
city and in Rafa City mainly people who
evacuated from Gaza City and the
northern part uh to the southern part to
find themsel uh getting killed uh by
those Relentless air
strikes and Har you mentioned the
hospitals healthc care facilities across
the Gaza Strip collapsing even as we are
seeing these images of them being
overrun with new waves of
casualties yes well unfortunately uh
before these two major uh attacks on
jabalia refugee camp the the hospital
was already uh working under extreme
unusual conditions there's shortage
extreme shortage of medical supplies and
Necessities for the hospital extreme
shortage of a fuel uh made the hospital
uh to uh and shut down major parts of
its Department to concentrate all the
resources to the ICU units and the
ventilation uh system but as the uh we
heard earlier today the major power
generators has been completely shut down
it's out of service and the hospital uh
is running on subordinate small power uh
generators but uh these power generators
are not enough they're only going to
work for just a limited period of time
and as soon as they are they're off
because of of of lack of a fuel uh the
the hospital will just turn into a
standing facility with no medical
services whatsoever this is the fear
that uh thousand of people have inside
the hospital whether their patients
injured Palestinians or those who are
killed inside the the
refrigerators the they being stored
there uh the fear that is going to
create a a healthy crisis as a result of
this
okay hany Mahmud brings the very latest
there on the situation inside Gaza from
khus in southern Gaza thanks very much
hany